A U.S. BACKED CEASE-FIRE, AS THE
ONTICED CONFLICT WITH HAMAS IN
GAZA SPURRED DEADLY PROTESTS IN
THE WEST BANK.
WE TALK WITH WHITE HOUSE
NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR, SUSAN
RICE.
GOOD EVENING, I'M HARI
SREENIVASAN.
JUDY WOODRUFF IS ON ASSIGT.NM
ALSO AHEAD, INSIDE CREATIVE
MINDS.
NEW RESEARCH EXPLORES THE LINK
BETWEEN MENTAL ILLNESS AND
US.
>> ONE OF THE BIG QUESTIONS IS,
SHOULD PEOPLE WHO ARE CREATIVE
ROBLEMS
TREATED AND DOES THAT DIMINISH
THEIR CREATIVITY?
>>reenivasan: IT'S FRIDAY,
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
PLUS, HOW ONE PRINTING PRESS IN
SAN FRANCISCO MAKES BOOKS THAT
ARE WORKS OF ART.
>> WHEN THE TYPE IS PRESSED INTO
GOOD QUALITY PAPER, IT CREATES
AN AESTHETIC EFFECT YOU CANNOT
ACHIEVE ANY OTHER WAY.
>> eeniSrsan: THOSE ARE JUST
SOME OF THE STORIES WE'RE
COVERING ON TONIGHT PBS'S
NEWSHOUR.